yap people six weeks for new
video for the presentation of my
resources pack so the one greenpac whose
why greenpac simply because
that I did not have too many ideas so I
decided to make you a pack based on the
green to change so the pack will be
available at 180 with people is that we
is capable
so without further ado start with
the presentation of the pack which by
the interface of the step that they present themselves
already the buttons that are like those
so when you select a
button that you put it in glass and the
Buttons are gray so
the interface of the pa that stands as
this with mark greenpac and leave
images that I found on google in
green that makes it so nice so we go
start with the presentation of
Netherlands at the college so already the ears that
are 16 x 16 swords
so I wanted to make pc either 16
to change a little bit so I have a lot
bet on the fluo green on this pact that
it's my favorite glass just so
all swords are with a handle
towards apart from the podiums what is
So totally green sword in jam
this case is nice
the sword in iron the sword in gold the sword in
stone and the sword in August so swords
nice enough so I personally love
the country are pretty cool they are they
are simple and cool so arched as
this so I said in glass aside
the half kg arrows that are behind
the bow I took from another tray so that
makes it pretty good
so this part of the defect arc and at
total it gave that so frankly if
this issue of me so the particles
who are in verve or green stars
to the arrow that is like this here
the boots that are like these so
friends nice enough for the pp mates
So these are nice enough friends the
particles that are like these here
so the soups that are low like this
like this so who are I am
part of the impact soups defect is
quickly and in total it gave that that I
putting in glass and who moans small
personal touch that makes it nice enough
so the armor in Gaul therefore the armor
which are basic armor set to
to speak peace in diane what I wrote
myself I put in green what
iron armor is my favorite ball
armor in dimon that makes it super nice
so the package a soft peapod pack
so quite frankly everything in the ppp
my grandpa mate vanilla soup so the
tools in gold the tools in iron and the
tools in dimon that I put in glass
to stay in the theme of the pack so
inventories that are like these
like this
the flames that are in glass like that
and the water particles that are like
that's the water that in light blue that
I love the clear personal angle it goes great
alright so i want to take fio the xpc
pts is only expert the watch and the
small ones when the 6 p it gives
what is our bar already like those
here the hearts that are in glass and as
the six pay that gives it simply
so bah labarde xp who is
who is in glass who in blue for
change a little
also after that there are only various
it's a bit of a culinary experience
what are the legs of
beauf who are like these here so
for the not that I have not everything but
I put a little pde to a
yellow people and a little blue that the
blue too it's pretty close diverge
too much so I want to show I want to put
I like and I want to show the blocks
develops and so is already the water that is
like that you've already seen them
different woods so the minerals
which are two bases of the crowd fesf so
all blocks are fesf funds
apart from the little gem the ore in
jam what I said in green that makes
super nice it's super nice to
topal this is a little quiet hood that I have
tell me even so, so it's
nice enough so you can put some
caps banner that's nice so the
mushrooms that are low like that so here
some mush that I put in verse and a
yellow that yellow is pretty close to the
glass so I did not want to put everything in
glass all in green because if I
I was time for a little ugly or
jamie yellow and green and it makes super
swag be chicken baby enough to return
at the spawn we will test the particles have
created the kraft particles of the p'tits
golems disgusting up so already here's a
golem
I'm not happy at kraft a golem
do not worry the kinds up so
already the particles of charnay what they
are like these and the two cnca so
light green and stars towards clear
different stars and stars and canvases
dark green see
already we'll throw that braille beach for
return to the spawn and I
showed you the little things that I
personally said baleti thing I have
changed and so already edith länder father
take a shot at the compass my hand I
put in english ok like ps like pathe
and the diamond diamond here is already
Länder range who like that alain quinet
of super looks that I remember
not against where I escaped
pretty
I remember I ask them what
pack but I had it price of a package I
change a little green all this more
bybee hm already intrigues already already the
bucket of water that's like that
that I said so the wounded soldier of
base the bucket of frozen water but in blue
clear for that it's okay it goes
with the oim it makes sense therefore the
compass like this therefore I
Green layout that was the township to
dock as I know that there are a lot of
people who love it the touch compass
pack
so I have the caveats so the
dimon who is the one of the crowd fesf but
that I said to him so it does not fill
his swings
So here you are by last little trick
so the mouth I changed nothing put to
share down the sub you have seen
let's put aside the steak already the
raw steak and steak cooked so it gives
that's a hamburger that I have
taken in a pack
so here I think I did the
rate of play not that people so
I hope you enjoyed the pack at all
case I really enjoyed myself
you do it so the pack will be available at
180 with so let go 1 that he has a little
like so I make you big kisses
and a big thank you to the 2 capes rest so
it's super fun
kisses on the right buttock and on the
left buttock so I tell you all